feat: support responsive width and height (#5441)
vega/vega-lite: site/docs/view/size.md

<span class="vl-example" data-name="bar_size_explicit_bad"></span>

### Specifying Responsive Width and Height

> The top-level `width` and/or `height` property can be set to `container` indicating that the width and/or height of the plot should be the same as its container. The `width` and `height` can be set independently, for example, you can have responsive `width` and fixed `height` by setting `width` to `container` and `height` to a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top-level `width` and/or `height` properties can be set to `container` indicating that the width and/or height of the plot should be the same as its surrounding container. The `width` and `height` can be set independently, for example, you can have responsive `width` and fixed `height` by setting `width` to `container` and `height` to a number.
```
